fix backward code block (#943)
wix-incubator/rich-content: CHANGELOG.md

    Click to see more.
  </summary>

### :bug: Bug Fix
- `code-block`

>   - [#943](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/943) fix: selecting code block backward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [#943](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/943) Adding code block with backward direction of selection
```
